hi toy home fans in this store of you
will be taking a look at a creo
transformers micro changers series three
blind bag and here it is it shows creo
create it transformers there's 12 to
collect in series 3 or collection 3 it's
21 one and that's what it looks like
right there build a crayon figure or
vehicle for ages 6 to 12 and it's
produced by Hasbro and that's the ones
that you can collect now to open it up
and see it we get then i'll show you in
the next video a close-up of it and here
as you can see is the creo transformers
Creon figure and it's guzzle from the
blind bag that i open in the previous
video here's what it looks like I
believe it's supposed to be based on the
the g one version of guzzle i was born
when transformers came out so I wasn't
old enough to watch the cartoon or
understand it but that's my guess and
here's where it shows the creole brick
and on their information on the back
that's what it looks like on the back it
looks like it's got tank treads on the
sides and the base of the figure it
looks like it's one we could fit wheels
on the ends and you can pop the helmet
off and that's what the face looks like
it has a lot of nice articulation to it
arms more than what you would have with
the Lego figure and these do pop off and
that pops off
he has this little gun blaster right
there and it comes with the little
instruction booklet a little checklist
well that's the checklist part of it and
that's the back of the instruction
booklet part of it and I'll show you a
clip of it in the tank form and here's
the Creole figure in its tank form
that's what it looks like it's basically
half the body of the Creole figure with
parts connected on it and he doesn't
have his head he just got a little brick
piece and just comparison with my dark
of the moon commander class guzzle right
there what looks like against it it
doesn't have a rotating turret it just
rotates like that just pieces it's this
these creon figures are more for like
the construction toy fans that like Lego
or mega bloks and not so much even if
you are a transformer fan these aren't
really made to really transform their
it's more of just a build and less of
actual transforming it this is what I
consider a transformer and that's pretty
much all i have to say be sure to leave
a comment down below subscribe and stay
tuned for more reviews